I wrote your friends it's Julie and
today I'm just gonna do a I was gonna
say a quick little video but I always
say a quick little video and then I
always end up rambling for a really long
time so I'm just gonna do a video about
it's just a little bit of an unboxing
about something that I'm gonna be
testing out over the next little while
it's the latest light therapy that I'm
gonna be testing out I know you know
that I've tried ones from smarter lights
I am always using well pretty except for
this test I regularly use the dual care
which is red and amber I've used red on
its own amber on its own I've used
lights from Ruby Lux I viewed from them
I used red and amber and blue oh and I'm
also using green I've kind of laid off
that for the last little while because
I'm testing a lot of products so I'm
trying to see what they're doing to my
skin and that's hard to do when I'm
trying a whole pile of different things
so right now I'm trying a bunch of
skincare I'm just bringing that to a
close and um so now I'm on to the next
phase which will be testing this out I
just got this in the mail this week
haven't tried it yet but I have taken
out of the box but then I jammed it back
in the box so that we can all go through
this again yeah so um I got this it's
from Ruby Lux I bought it a couple of
weeks ago because they had a two-for-one
sale on this bulb it is the high-power
red and blue LED medium bulb I've tried
the small bulbs in the past and I kind
of wanted to give blue another try
because I didn't have too much luck with
it just didn't seem to do too much but I
did get rid of a pimple with it so I
thought maybe red and blue combined
might help out I was at the light
therapy options information site about
light therapy the other day and I
noticed that there are actually some
people who are using blue to
successfully treat rosacea so I haven't
been able to give that a try yet so I
thought well maybe this this will be my
shot especially because this one's
bigger and it has red and blue together
and I don't want to stop using red
because
I'm very successful with that and I
don't want to end up bringing my
symptoms back just because I've stopped
that so I'll use the red and then at
blue one thing that I did notice after
having made the purchase is that it does
say that some people find using the
lower range wavelengths of blue to be a
little bit irritating for rosacea and
that the people who have success for it
normally are away from the they get away
from kind of where blue becomes kind of
UV and so that's from about 450 now
nanometers and hires um then I checked
what the blue is in here and it would be
between I think it's in around 4:15 ish
if I'm wrong I will put that somewhere
on the screen before I publish this
video but I think it's in around that so
it is in the lower range so even if this
isn't successful I'm not going to give
up entirely on blue I might get another
blue light either from Ruby Lux if they
have one in the higher range of blue or
from elsewhere and give that a try
because I am always I do love testing
out the different things and light
therapy is something that has worked so
great for me that I mean I'm gonna have
a whole rainbow of lights going on here
but I do love love love love testing it
out so I haven't tried this yet
but this this is what it looks like
getting really close it just I mean
they're clear because it's not on but
it's a much bigger bow if you seen oh I
do have one right here oh I'm so proud
of myself I actually was prepared so
this was the Ruby Lux red light that I
tried and see they're like super tiny
compared to the medium one much much
much much bigger and one of my biggest
struggles I did have luck with this one
and I love how cheap it is but my
biggest struggle was that you need to
use this for like 10 to 15 minutes I
think I was using it even for five I was
just using it for the minimum time
because I was so impatient because you
need to use it for each patch and each
cheek was three sessions so I was gonna
end up spending most of my evening with
this thing on my face and you can do it
multiple times a day so that was really
just too much to ask of me somebody
who's very impatient and just wants to
do the thing and get going so I got the
Ruby Lux media
red and blue it's this is gonna be just
one session for the whole cheek and then
the other one and because it was a
two-for-one sale I got a second one so I
haven't decided yet whether I'm gonna go
one and then two or whether I'm just
gonna have them both going at the same
time because why not I do have enough of
the sockets to use so yeah I'm actually
really really excited about getting to
use this they will be taking pictures to
track my progress all the way along I
know that that has been requested in the
past when I test things out that take
kind of a they're a therapy that you use
over time so I have taken that seriously
I do find it very hard to take accurate
photos but I will give that a world that
does have a lot of value I understand
that so I will take pictures and I will
do either progress reports or just check
in once I've decided whether or not I'm
happy with the way that this is working
whether I find that it's different from
red alone whether I find that it's
irritating or whether I find that it is
spectacular and that I should have been
using blue light as a part of my whole
spectrum of light therapy for rosacea so
this is not a sponsored video I did buy
this on sale with my own money shipped
it and everything but yeah so Ruby looks
high-power red and blue LED bulb size
medium it's got 80 LEDs and it does
recommend that use the instructions that
they provide it's on the website they
don't print that out and put it in the
box
but that's what I intend to do they have
very clear instructions on the site so
and just before I go I realized last
night before going to bed that I have
been the worst video channel ever and I
started a giveaway and I never announced
the winner I chose the winner and then I
never did the video because there was a
whole pile of stuff going on and then I
meant to include it into my next video
and I just completely forgot about it I
just had the names of the winners and
they have been sitting on this table
where I set up my whole everything for
about three weeks now so I need to
apologize to you all who have been
waiting to find out who won the
a derma set this is my box this one of
the empty ones I got one so here's a
complete one that's got all of the
bottles in it but yeah so I did choose
the winners I used that random selector
program thingy that I use online all the
time I stopped filming that because it's
really awkward to film and it comes out
of a blurry and the screen is all flippy
and all that kind of stuff so I'm just
you know that I use that thing I I do
just have it randomly selected because I
personally can't choose because I see
all the comments and then I kind of just
want to give it to everybody and then I
feel a little weepy so um the winners
are and I'll put these on the screen in
case I mess up one of the names or
something but um I feel pretty confident
with these ones they are talcum powder X
oh who I think has won two others of my
giveaway so you've got to be the
luckiest person in the world sometimes
at least with giveaways so talcum powder
X oh you said that you wanted to win
this for your besties and you did
awesome
Karen Bowers and Noel Smith you both
said pretty much that you are fed up
with trying to find rosacea products and
you were hoping to win this and
congratulations because you did
so yep so the three winners are talcum
powder X
Oh Karen Bowers and Noel Smith I will be
contacting you through YouTube if your
security features the knees are too
tight for me to be able to contact you
through the YouTube messaging messaging
system then I will drop a little line
for you to contact me through email and
I will show you exactly how to get my
email address and things like that if I
haven't actually contacted you already
which I may very well have done if I get
the contact thingies out before the
video gets to be posted but please know
that this is absolutely free I will not
be asking you for any money I won't
asking you I won't ask you for money to
ship it I will be paying for the
shipping myself if somebody contacts you
pretending to be me and says all I need
is a credit card number or a paypal
address or something like that it's not
me I will not ask you for money all I
will be requesting is a mailing address
so that I can send you your bucks which
I put down again
your box um so that I can just send this
out to you that's that's all that I need
so yeah congratulations
I hope you SuperDuper enjoy the products
that you've won and I look forward to
reporting back about how the life
therapy goes once that gets going - yeah
so I hope you like this video I hope you
found it informative I hope you found it
fun if you did please give me a thumbs
up that way I know what kinds of video
you like and if you want to see more
videos like this one and you haven't yet
subscribe to my channel I hope that you
will I make new videos every Sunday and
some thursdays and other than that I
will see you next time
[Music]